[CIAPP] Clarify ITR documentation for default branch exclusion (#16169)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/intelligent_test_runner/_index.md

## Configuration

> The default branch of your repository is automatically excluded from having Intelligent Test Runner enabled. Due to the limitations described above, the Intelligent Test Runner might skip some of the tests that should be run, therefore it’s highly recommended to continue running all tests in your default branch (or the branch you release from).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default branch of your repository is automatically excluded from having Intelligent Test Runner enabled. Due to the limitations described above, the Intelligent Test Runner might skip some of the tests that should be run, therefore Datadog recommends to continue running all tests in your default branch (or the branch you release from).
```

> If there are other branches you want to exclude, you can add them in the Intelligent Test Runner settings page. The query bar supports the wildcard character `*` to exclude any branches that match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are other branches you want to exclude, you can add them from the Intelligent Test Runner settings page. The query bar supports the wildcard character `*` to exclude any branches that match.
```
